if hendrik richter is in such a hurry around the
corner shot comes he is on the way
to his next customer because he belongs
to the pony riders for a year
he and his four colleagues bring letters
and packages from a to b schmidt
personally and above all environmentally conscious
Their offer is well received by the customers
the reason for the establishment of her
Drahtesel's pride is a whole
Practical me yes we are all
bicycle couriers for years in the
partly in other cities partly
also in duisburg and have considered us
that is nonsense when we are in another
Cities and driving around our our job
and we actually have more
or less determined to do so
struggled through which the driverless
to open courier services in Duisburg
colleague michael merz is also working
ready for his next drive yet
quickly strapped the helmet and go
it's
muscle strength instead of fuel consumption that is
by the way, the motto letters are not
everything the duisburg street cowboys
transport
the idea arose from the
cooperation with a biosupermarket
down near the inner harbor as we
We are thinking about a great one
Supplementary thing would be if we were the
purchases of those people at home
they just can not do that
are or do not feel like it
or not having time and over
in addition, the idea arose
maybe a shopping service
offer
no matter if food service or even
Relocation helper with the special
This bike is not a problem and
also from further stretch can be
Do not stop the couriers
cooperations with other services
thanks to almost every wish the boys can
meet your customers
call is sufficient in winter as well as in
summer temperatures also make us
Clearly, there are nicer, more beautiful days
as a cold wet day but are basically
have prepared for every weather
the right clothes and yes and
actually not so much I
personally likes hot temperatures
less like because I'm just there
my limits come as if it were cold
is and that and so they keep rolling
through duisburgs streets from parcel to
Package from one order to the next